END USER LICENCE AGREEMENT FOR ACCESS TO DATA

This End User Licence Agreement (EULA) is entered into between Auckland
Transport (AT) and you (as an individual or other legal entity) (Licensee)
for any data or information you obtain from www.at.govt.nz (AT Website),
whether directly or indirectly (Data). The Data is licensed by AT to you for
use only in accordance with the terms and conditions set out below (Terms
and Conditions). You must read the Terms and Conditions carefully before
indicating your acceptance of them by ticking the "I agree to the terms and
conditions" box below. If you do not tick this box, you will not be
permitted to use or download the Data. You will be required to accept the
Terms and Conditions (by ticking the "I agree to the terms and conditions"
box) each time you wish to use or download the Data.

1. Grant of licence

1.1 AT grants the Licensee a non-exclusive, non transferable licence to
download and use the Data upon the Terms and Conditions. For the avoidance
of doubt, provided that the Licensee otherwise complies with the Terms and
Conditions, the Licensee may incorporate the Data into a product created by
the Licensee (Licensee Product) and any third party using that Licensee
Product may use the Data as part of that third party's use of the Licensee
Product.

1.2 The Licensee agrees that:

(a) it will only download and use the Data for lawful purposes and not for
any purpose(s) that AT may from time to time exclude (and which AT will
advise through placing notice on the AT Website not less than [5 days] prior
to the exclusion applying );

(b) AT owns all copyright and other intellectual property rights of whatever
nature capable of being owned or held in the Data and whether those rights
are in existence now or arise at any time in the future.

1.3 The Licensee must not provide a facility as part of any systems it
offers to third party users (End Users) that:

(a) will result in the End Users, while using the Licensee's system,
downloading Data from the AT Website directly; or

(b) will result in the system it offers making enquiries of the AT Website
to enable the system to respond to enquiries from the End Users.

2. Licence fee

2.1 AT does not currently charge a fee to download and/or use the Data, but
it reserves the right to charge a fee at any time in the future upon prior
written notice which AT will advise through placing notice on the AT Website
not less than [5 days] prior to the charges applying. For the avoidance of
doubt, any future charging will not be retrospective.

3. Warranties and limitation of liability

3.1 The Licensee agrees that:

(a) AT is not responsible for interference with or prevention of the
Licensee's access to and/or use of the Data;

(b) AT does not make any representation or warranty (express or implied) as
to the accuracy or completeness of the Data;

(c) AT does not warrant that the quality of the Data will meet the
Licensee's requirements and/or expectations; and

(d) the use of the Data is entirely at the Licensee's own discretion and
risk. In the event that the Licensee distributes the Data to any third
party, the Licensee must ensure that such third party is aware of the
limitations of liability and exclusion of warranties set out in the Terms
and Conditions (including, but not limited to, the requirement that any use
of that Data is undertaken entirely at the risk of the party accessing or
using it) and agrees to be bound by the Terms and Conditions.

3.2 AT, to the fullest extent permitted by law, specifically disclaims any
and all warranties, representations or conditions, express, implied,
statutory or otherwise including (without limitation) any implied warranty
or condition of merchantability, non-infringement or fitness for a
particular purpose, or that use of the Data (including in any manner
specifically required under this the Terms and Conditions) will comply with
the applicable laws and relevant regulatory requirements in any place of
use.

3.3 In no circumstances will AT, or its employees, officers and affiliates,
be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or special
loss or damages (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of business
profits, savings, revenue, business interruption, loss of business
information, data, goodwill or other pecuniary loss) under any cause of
action or theory of liability arising out of the Terms and Conditions or the
use, or inability to use, the Data, irrespective of whether AT has been
advised of the possibility of such loss or damage.

3.4 Where the Licensee is downloading and/or using the Data for business
purposes, the provisions of the Consumer Guarantees Act 1993 are excluded
and will not apply.

4. Indemnities

4.1 The Licensee agrees to indemnify AT, and its employees, officers and
affiliates, against any loss, damage, liability, expense, cost or charge
(including court costs and reasonable legal fees) arising from or incurred
in connection with the Licensee's access to or use of the Data in breach of
the Terms and Conditions or any claim by a third party who accesses or uses
the Data through use of any product or service provided by the Licensee.

5. Termination

5.1 AT may, without any liability to the Licensee, terminate this EULA:

(a) if the Licensee breaches any provision of the Terms and Conditions by
giving the Licensee written notice;

(b) at any time on 30 days' written notice, with or without cause.

5.2 Where AT terminates this EULA:

(a) the Licensee must immediately cease using the Data and destroy all
copies of the Data in whatever form in the possession or control of the
Licensee;

(b) any purchaser or end user of a Licensee Product (User), provided such
purchase or commencement of such use of the Licensee Product occurred prior
to termination, shall continue to have the right to use, as part of that
User's use of the Licensee Product, any Data that existed on or prior to
termination and has been incorporated into the Licensee Product prior to
termination. For the avoidance of doubt, the User shall not be entitled to
use any Data that has been incorporated into the Licensee Product following
termination.

5.3 The Licensee may terminate this EULA at any time immediately by giving
AT written notice.

6. Changes to the Terms and Conditions

6.1 The Terms and Conditions may be amended by AT from time to time without
prior notice. AT will notify the Licensee of any such amendments by updating
the "Last Updated" notice beside the "I agree to the terms and conditions"
box.

6.2 If there is any conflict between the Terms and Conditions and the terms
and conditions of any other agreement between AT and the Licensee, the Terms
and Conditions will prevail.
7. Miscellaneous

7.1 The Terms and Conditions constitute the entire understanding and
agreement of AT and the Licensee relating to the Data.

7.2 If any part of the Terms and Conditions is illegal, void or
unenforceable, then it will be excluded so that the remaining provisions of
this EULA will continue in full force and effect. Clauses 1.2(b), 3 and 4 of
the Terms and Conditions will survive termination for any reason.

7.3 The Terms and Conditions is governed by and is to be construed according
to the laws applicable in New Zealand. The provisions of the Terms and
Conditions may not satisfy the laws of any other country.
